c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\le\TdcIotColorChanger.exe
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\be\TdcIotColorChanger.exe
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\le\TdcIotColorChanger.pdb
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\be\TdcIotColorChanger.pdb
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\TdcIotColorChanger.exe
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\TdcIotColorChanger.pdb
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\le\TdcIotColorChanger.pe
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\le\TdcIotColorChanger.pdbx
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\be\TdcIotColorChanger.pe
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\be\TdcIotColorChanger.pdbx
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.DaisyLink.pe
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.pe
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.WebClient.pe
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.WebServer.pe
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Premium.Net.pe
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\LE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpider.pe
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Button.pe
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Ethernet_J11D.pe
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Extender.pe
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.MulticolorLed.pe
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.UsbClientDP.pe
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\LE\Json.NetMF.pe
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Premium.IO.pe
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Premium.Hardware.pe
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Premium.System.pe
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.DaisyLink.pe
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.pe
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.WebClient.pe
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.WebServer.pe
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Premium.Net.pe
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\BE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpider.pe
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Button.pe
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Ethernet_J11D.pe
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Extender.pe
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.MulticolorLed.pe
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.UsbClientDP.pe
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\BE\Json.NetMF.pe
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Premium.IO.pe
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Premium.Hardware.pe
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Premium.System.pe
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.DaisyLink.pdbx
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.pdbx
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.WebClient.pdbx
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.WebServer.pdbx
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Premium.Net.pdbx
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\LE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpider.pdbx
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Button.pdbx
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Ethernet_J11D.pdbx
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Extender.pdbx
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.MulticolorLed.pdbx
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.UsbClientDP.pdbx
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\LE\Json.NetMF.pdbx
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Premium.IO.pdbx
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Premium.Hardware.pdbx
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Premium.System.pdbx
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.DaisyLink.pdbx
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.pdbx
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.WebClient.pdbx
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.WebServer.pdbx
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Premium.Net.pdbx
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\BE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpider.pdbx
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Button.pdbx
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Ethernet_J11D.pdbx
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Extender.pdbx
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.MulticolorLed.pdbx
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.UsbClientDP.pdbx
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\BE\Json.NetMF.pdbx
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Premium.IO.pdbx
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Premium.Hardware.pdbx
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Premium.System.pdbx
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.DaisyLink.dll
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.dll
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.WebClient.dll
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.WebServer.dll
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\GHI.Premium.Net.dll
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpider.dll
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.Button.dll
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.Ethernet_J11D.dll
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.Extender.dll
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.MulticolorLed.dll
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.UsbClientDP.dll
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\Json.NetMF.dll
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\GHI.Premium.IO.dll
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\GHI.Premium.Hardware.dll
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\GHI.Premium.System.dll
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.pdb
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.xml
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.DaisyLink.pdb
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.DaisyLink.xml
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.WebClient.pdb
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.WebClient.xml
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.WebServer.pdb
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.WebServer.xml
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\GHI.Premium.Net.xml
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpider.pdb
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpider.xml
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.Button.pdb
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.Button.xml
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.Ethernet_J11D.pdb
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.Ethernet_J11D.xml
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.Extender.pdb
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.Extender.xml
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.MulticolorLed.pdb
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.MulticolorLed.xml
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.UsbClientDP.pdb
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.UsbClientDP.xml
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\Json.NetMF.pdb
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\Json.NetMF.xml
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\GHI.Premium.IO.xml
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\GHI.Premium.Hardware.xml
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\bin\Debug\GHI.Premium.System.xml
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\obj\Debug\TdcIotColorChanger.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\obj\Debug\TinyCLR_DebugReferences.cache
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\obj\Debug\TdcIotColorChanger.Resources.resources
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\obj\Debug\TdcIotColorChanger.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\obj\Debug\TdcIotColorChanger.Resources.tinyresources
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\obj\Debug\TinyResGen.cache
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\obj\Debug\be\TdcIotColorChanger.pe
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\obj\Debug\be\TdcIotColorChanger.pdbx
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\obj\Debug\le\TdcIotColorChanger.pe
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\obj\Debug\le\TdcIotColorChanger.pdbx
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\obj\Debug\TdcIotColorChanger.exe
c:\users\v-thbess\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TdcIotColorChanger\TdcIotColorChanger\obj\Debug\TdcIotColorChanger.pdb
